the workshop of Mr. fox mum and dad
ping are wrapping a gift that nice
package is a gift for me or for
george no but it is neither for you nor for
giorgio but it's a toy
no it is a crystal vase as a ruler
it does not seem to me that this is a great deal
we bought a gift for adults
for grandpa and grandma pig today and theirs
Wedding anniversary
we can also buy a gift for us
grannies is very kind of you
peppa but gifts can cost too much
for you but we have the piggy bank
full of money in truth is that george
have a coin and two buttons is fine
we go to make purchases arrive at
Mr. flight shop
good morning please how can I be there
useful today is the anniversary of
grandpa and grandma pig wedding are
both of us old and we want to give him a
gift lines my shop is not missing
anything
I'm more than sure you will find a
a huge gift for your grandparents
I like so much teddy bear is a
this ep beautiful gift to this
gift is not for you must please
grandfather and grandmother
today he looked at teeth and holes
fun to pull spring is
going like hot cakes and would n't be a
beautiful gift for the child and the
little hand
I think grandfather and grandmother have
already all the teeth they need
your grandparents like to do gardening
and dig holes there then I recommend
to give a bucket to a shovel ad
everyone pays one and the other in
tribute but they already have buckets
pallets and rakes and similar tools
which for cota idea the world likes
a lot of boating not to say
other
all that is in my shop
that a sailor could want in the world
you have the secret pirate treasure
really or all but the treasure
secret of pirates to your grandparents
like antique objects
what is an antique object yes
it is a very ancient object and
precious
usually it is so but my objects of
antiques are brand new
this is part of a set of 12 seats is
beautiful is not true is made of oak
certain of a special oak made of
plastic
i want to try century don't sit asd
ancient are not made to sit and that
what we do then just look at us
it doesn't seem very funny to me either
for those who are as big as grandparents buy
a gift for grandparents is a business
hard
it had never happened I sell forever
objects of every kind must also be there
something you like I had found it at
I like this saints 8 and will like it
very much also to my grandmother's name
I'm sure
and then we buy the teddy bear me
seems like a great choice
who of you pays a coin and two
buttons
here is the rest a button that thanks
mr fox and then his family go
at home with grandpa and grandma pig for
give them gifts called big
hello grandmother good morning my grandchildren
happy wedding anniversary or a
another crystal vase
that's the gift from dad and mom here
because it's not very funny it is
beautiful we'll put it next to
other crystal vases, myself and george
we have a gift for you
we hope you enjoy giving a
teddy bear for me for grandpa is one
wonderful gift daddy giorgio but a lot
be pampered
but it has a name called and the
teddy bears and what are the foods
eddy's favorites the teddy bear the
chocolate broccolini is the most beautiful
gift we received in life
ours but if it comes to live in
our home will need it there
someone with whom you played or who rowed no i
nannina balls and every time
you will come to visit us and the teddy bear will
will wait to play together
and beautiful